Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello. How are you, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, sorry about that I thought was important was set for for but then I just realized you're probably in New Mexico. Hmm.
I am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I yeah I, for some reason, you know, working with clients in a different time zone really kind of throws me off a little bit.
Matt Huss III: But I'm still trying to figure out this whole video
Matt Huss III: Program. I'm in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So once you get used to the basics of it, it's I think it's a pretty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: convenient way to get services definitely where you would normally have appointments that you'd have to go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can actually just sit at home and do the same thing, which makes it even seeing the doctor. It's kind of amazing, you know,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, so far it's been really easy and stuff.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I was just I got confused on
Matt Huss III: A
Matt Huss III: I'm sorry, I forget her name emailed me telling me to contact you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh god, yeah, it's just because I think she her schedule is just gotten over full and so I'm taking on you know a bunch of the people that still need bio psychosocial roles and individual therapy so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's, it's actually kind of a cool system and that way you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So on your for your bio psychosocial really is it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll ask you a series of questions. It really doesn't take very long. And we'll talk about what at the end of it will talk about what you want to get out of treatment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the things that you want to work on and then from that point forward will schedule. I'll schedule you out for weekly appointments with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll start working on those issues. And then we'll reevaluate what you've been working on an individual therapy and then we'll kind of adjust from there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just kind of take it from there. Does that sound like a plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Okay, so the first question on the bio is why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What, why are you seeking treatment and why now.
Matt Huss III: Um, well, I have
Matt Huss III: I've been seeking treatment for the last 15 years
Matt Huss III: 20 years that I've been using
Matt Huss III: Nothing ever worked except a
Matt Huss III: Medication program that I was in, in Florida.
Matt Huss III: For a few years and
Matt Huss III: I was able to stay clean for a few years. But then I got off of it and tried to go back to school and relapsed again and
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: And then I that so after years of us going again. I ended up
Matt Huss III: getting divorced and
Matt Huss III: You know, so I
Matt Huss III: And I hated my corporate job. I was in, and it, which was a big reason I was using was because I was miserable every day. So I wanted to start over, because I gave her the house the car everything which she
Matt Huss III: totally ruined my financial life, but that's a separate issue.
Matt Huss III: I saw this as a chance to start over and go back to school and try to chase my dream job of teaching philosophy at the college level.
Matt Huss III: And so I tried. First, I tried to find an inpatient program there apparently they are really, really hard to find. And if you do find one. It's extremely hard to get into um
Matt Huss III: So, so then I did find a program
Matt Huss III: And
Matt Huss III: Called first choices. Something where it's the same thing as this where I go into group and then I see a doctor.
Matt Huss III: Once I think it was like, once we got to the point where it was like once a month.
Matt Huss III: Because I was in it for so long. Well, not that long, but
Matt Huss III: They
Matt Huss III: They really they, it was, it was
Matt Huss III: I my therapist kind of really
Matt Huss III: Disenfranchised me I guess is the best toward at one point, she just really treated me in a way that I was never expecting or didn't expect.
Matt Huss III: Out of her and we got really close and oh and I opened up to. She was the first person I ever opened up to
Matt Huss III: And then all of a sudden she
Matt Huss III: kind of ignored me and stopped trying to see me and
Matt Huss III: I don't know. It's an anyways and and I was driving having to drive an hour down to the south Valley.
Matt Huss III: Every two weeks and then, you know,
Matt Huss III: The doctors, I saw, I ended up seeing five different doctors within months of being there because it was just this walking clinic.
Matt Huss III: And it was just, it was, it was such a problem and then I found your program and
Matt Huss III: figured, well I'm going to be in school.
Matt Huss III: I got into you and them officially for the first semester this semester, and I'm at school from like nine to three or four every day Monday through Friday.
Matt Huss III: And figured I would try this so that
Matt Huss III: I wouldn't have to go anywhere traveler like it wouldn't
Matt Huss III: affect my schedule.
Matt Huss III: Anything, um,
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: So yeah, so, um, so I have. I've been clean for good. You know, I don't. I lost track.
Matt Huss III: It's been, like, seven, eight months now. I guess since I started that last program.
Matt Huss III: And then I've just been in this program for a week or two, one week. Now, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, this is the end of my first week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, tell me about your history with substances. When we were first exposed. What was the first drug you ever used
Matt Huss III: Being a sort of drinking when I was 1413
Matt Huss III: I tried smoking marijuana when I was like 14 or so and hated it. My life. I still hate it. I don't know why it makes me paranoid and
Matt Huss III: It just really screws with my head.
Matt Huss III: And then, you know, and then I went through high school partying a lot and you know
Matt Huss III: And, you know, partying and women and
Matt Huss III: Money and that kind of stuff became more important to me than anything I was young and dumb so and so I experimented with basically everything. Not everything but
Matt Huss III: cocaine, ecstasy.
Matt Huss III: Those are basically the things that I would go out and party with but I'm after high school I moved
Matt Huss III: To go to school, out of state.
Matt Huss III: Or no, no, but I was still in high school, I was like 18 or 19 when somebody handed me an oxy cotton 80 milligram for the first time.
Matt Huss III: And
Matt Huss III: So, and then all of a sudden and and it was all of a sudden the miracle cure for me for my anxiety my depression motivation energy levels.
Matt Huss III: And up north. They were $1 milligrams. So it was like once
Matt Huss III: Like in a blue moon. And then I moved to Florida and they and it was like a $30 pill became $5 once I moved
Matt Huss III: And especially, and especially when they were pumping them out in the beginning, all the doctors
Matt Huss III: So then it became once a week, I became, you know, a couple times a week, then every day and
Matt Huss III: Then in my early or mid 20s.
Matt Huss III: I shot up for the first time and that was it for me that was basically when I started losing everything and I couldn't hold down a job or
Matt Huss III: Couldn't stay in school. Couldn't you know I all I, you know, from then on, it was basically just chasing
Matt Huss III: The drug
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How much were you using at the end of your use.
Matt Huss III: At the end of my use
Matt Huss III: Are shooting up three
Matt Huss III: Roxy Cotton's three times a day. So nine milligrams three times a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When did it finally get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Finally get bad enough for you to make the change. At what point, what would basically what I'm asking is what was your bottom where you finally said, all right, I gotta do something different.
Matt Huss III: Remember, a point
Matt Huss III: Where I tried cleaning up except for when I first. The first time I got arrested.
Matt Huss III: And then had to go through withdrawals in jail. And then I was putting drug court for two years.
Matt Huss III: And then after that, after relapsing after getting out of drug court. That's when
Matt Huss III: And I, I failed. I had to fail, out of another school
Matt Huss III: And
Matt Huss III: That's when I started Suboxone for the first time and it worked.
Matt Huss III: But it was it was i was i
Matt Huss III: I remember, I remember overdosing one time in the house and I was alone, and I would have died if I didn't
Matt Huss III: I just all of a sudden, I just, I don't remember anything except using and then my head coming up out of my lap breathing in a ton of air.
Matt Huss III: And I still didn't even try to get help. After that, I still so
Matt Huss III: I've always
Matt Huss III: Ever since I started stealing for it.
Matt Huss III: Or
Matt Huss III: pawning stuff for it. I wanted to stop.
But
Matt Huss III: I had no support system. I was I was, and the withdrawals were so bad that I couldn't
Matt Huss III: Unless I was forced to do something or go to jail or something. At that point I just couldn't get myself to do anything.
Matt Huss III: It. Yeah, it's really, it's hard to remember exactly, exactly what happened that far. Yeah, and especially since I was on and off so many times.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. I'm, I'm, tell me, have you were diagnosed
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At your last treatment center with opioid use disorder.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any mental health diagnosis.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I told my doctor already this that I also see a psychiatrist because
Matt Huss III: One of the
Matt Huss III: Times that I was clean.
Matt Huss III: Uh huh. I got so depressed that I couldn't get out of bed for literally three or four weeks, and I'm not kidding, except to go to the bathroom.
Matt Huss III: So I went to a psychiatrist. I've seen few difference. I actually have seen like five to 10 different psychiatrists, because I moved so often and I'm and they've all diagnosed me with severe clinical depression.
Matt Huss III: Severe
Matt Huss III: Generalized anxiety.
Matt Huss III: Social anxiety and panic attack disorder.
Matt Huss III: So I'm on medications for that as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Um, any, any past suicide attempts, or thoughts.
Matt Huss III: Not the thoughts. Yeah, but I'm never actually hurt myself or attempted anything
Matt Huss III: It's, it's like suicide to me has always been the like the easy way out.
Matt Huss III: But selfish.
You know,
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any homicide thoughts or plans or into
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past self harm, such as cutting, burning, that kind of stuff. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the next piece wants to know about your family unit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The family that you grew up in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And where you're adopted where your parents together on throughout your childhood or did they divorce.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If so, what age. How many siblings do you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just an overview of what your family dynamics were like
Matt Huss III: Okay, um, my mother and father got divorced before I could even remember.
Matt Huss III: And so as far back as I can remember. I think it was around two or three years old.
Matt Huss III: With my mother and my stepfather.
Matt Huss III: And he had his own business and he ended up actually got he what he did. Well, so I had a very easy good childhood.
Matt Huss III: My dad, I didn't
Matt Huss III: Really seen or know my dad because apparently I just, I found out years later.
Matt Huss III: That he was addicted to crack for 20 to 30 years
Mm hmm.
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: Probably after the divorce or something and then I'm not sure when it started.
Matt Huss III: But he ended up moving out here to New Mexico with his mother.
Matt Huss III: After he lost his job and his
Matt Huss III: apartment in Brooklyn.
Matt Huss III: And was able to quit cold turkey.
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: But I grew up, you know, Michael. My stepfather and my mom and me. Oh, and my brother, who is a year and a half, younger
Matt Huss III: Than me. We went on vacation every year.
Matt Huss III: You know they they constantly bought us whatever we wanted
Matt Huss III: Enabled my usage for a long time.
Matt Huss III: I never I was never disciplined never I was never, never got in trouble for anything.
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: All I did was learned to live better, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how many siblings do you have
Matt Huss III: My younger brother just one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And were there any mental health issues, um,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, him and my dad both use uppers to stay up all day and they use downers to go to sleep at night and my brothers on steroids. On top of that, so he's got stage three kidney disease.
Matt Huss III: I almost had I almost got I was, I almost got tested to see if I was a match because he got dehydrated and went into Stage five KIDNEY DISEASE, AND HE WON'T TELL THE DOCTORS why
Matt Huss III: Because it's steroids and drug use.
Matt Huss III: You know, so they can't help him fix it. You know, so I don't know what's going to happen to him.
Matt Huss III: Um, but yeah it's but because of my my drug of choice is not prescribed. It's like I'm the
Matt Huss III: Family junkie.
Matt Huss III: You know,
Matt Huss III: Even though.
Matt Huss III: My mom's never been addicted to anything or anything, but I mean her side of the family all alcoholics.
Matt Huss III: My dad side is he had a sister, who was a heroin addict and actually died from it.
Matt Huss III: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah okay, that's perfect. Let's go back a little bit further and talk about how it was for you in school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And did you graduate. Did you have a learning disability.
Matt Huss III: No, I'm all the way through eighth grade I PERFECT STRAIGHT A's.
Matt Huss III: No problem. No issue I, you know, and then even into high school, I never even went to school just and I hit. I just, I could show up for the tests and take the test and still get straight A's.
Matt Huss III: And it's been like that all my life, even in state colleges getting my MBA.
Matt Huss III: It's really just been
Matt Huss III: Too easy. And now, this actually this semester and you and me being in a university is so different that I'm kind of freaking out, but that's that's new. This that's now. But anyways, back then. Yeah. Before using I was, it was
Matt Huss III: I was the one I was the person in the family who was supposed to be whatever I wanted to do and be, you know, I was supposed to be a lawyer or a politician or, you know, who knows, whatever I wanted to be now and
Matt Huss III: You know, so
Matt Huss III: And then, but I'm now i'm still living with you know my dad, trying to get off of drugs so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm all right any current legal legal issues.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any and who do you currently live with.
Matt Huss III: My dad. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any children for you.
Matt Huss III: I do. I have two children.
Matt Huss III: They're still in Florida.
Matt Huss III: My daughter, I have full time because her mother disappeared when she was about two or three
Matt Huss III: Drugs.
Matt Huss III: So I raised her
Matt Huss III: By myself, you know, and with my mom's help and stuff but
Matt Huss III: So she's with my mother and her new boyfriend.
Matt Huss III: In Florida right now. And my son is five years old who was with my ex wife.
Matt Huss III: Hmm, who
Matt Huss III: He stays with her.
Matt Huss III: Right now, even though I have
Matt Huss III: visitations and everything I can. The only reason I came out here was to
Matt Huss III: Get off of stop using and then the plan is to
Matt Huss III: Go back and be able to live independently and
Matt Huss III: Like a normal adult. And then, you know, get a place for me and my daughter and then be able to see my son every weekend, like I was supposed to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any did I ask you if you have any financial concerns.
Matt Huss III: Are. Yeah, you were. Yeah, me and my dad basically live off financial aid from school.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Is there anything else that you think is important that we know about you.
Matt Huss III: Know, probably a lot and I don't know.
Matt Huss III: People love that question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past trauma.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: History of any kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Abuse
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As a child,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Teenager, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect.
Matt Huss III: Now yeah i just i think i was self medicating for for, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what it is that you would like to work on in treatment.
Matt Huss III: I
Matt Huss III: Since I've been clean I've come to realize that I am emotionally really screwed up.
Matt Huss III: I've numbed my mind for so long that when I do have an emotion. I don't know how to deal with it.
Matt Huss III: I'm very
Matt Huss III: walled off.
Matt Huss III: From people
Matt Huss III: The only reason I'm able to talk this much with you is because I've been doing it so much recently actually for the last few months.
Matt Huss III: Before this, I wouldn't talk to anybody about anything I bottled everything up. I
Matt Huss III: You know I I cry for no reason. Every so often.
Matt Huss III: I forgot what I was answering. Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is it that you would like to work on by your
Matt Huss III: Oh, yeah, yeah. Um,
Matt Huss III: So yeah, so being able to
Matt Huss III: Being able to open up, you know, not just emotionally but socially.
Matt Huss III: Able to figure out what made me keep using even after getting clean why I kept relapsing
Matt Huss III: What are the, like, what are the underlying issues which I'm I know for sure there's probably a ton.
Matt Huss III: And you know I my self esteem issues. I hate myself I've huge self esteem issues.
Matt Huss III: I
Matt Huss III: Every
Matt Huss III: I have huge huge regrets and
Matt Huss III: You know, I can forgive anybody for anything except myself for even the smallest thing.
Matt Huss III: So that's a big reason like I'm constantly hate myself for the decisions I've made and what I've done to people and where I should be right now in life and where I am actually at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so what I on the clinical side of that, what I hear her that we want to work on is you need some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You need to be able to learn how to communicate.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You need addiction education on the disease of addiction, so you understand what it all entails and it'll give you in that pier in that education piece. You'll learn
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why we get stuck, you will learn about why you keep going back to it and all of the things that addiction, you know, causes for us. And so you and I will work on those pieces we will work on some self esteem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we will work on guilt and shame.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We will work on self forgiveness.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the goal is for you to be free of guilt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To begin the process of self acceptance and loving yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And to identify the qualities that you actually have and not focus on the things in the past that you've done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That hold you and bind you into guilt and shame.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And especially guilt and, you know, in a lot of people that come into recovery they struggle with, with all of these issues. Why you know is always a big question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why is it that I can get some time under my belt, but I just you know i relapse, or I return to it, or you know, why does it have such a strong hold on me and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the one I can definitely answer that question. It's like, really, honestly, it's like diabetes or cancer and you have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Continually stay in the recovery mode, you have to put yourself first, you have to really double up on self care. You have to be self aware about what you're thinking.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When your diseases really dragging you into down the road, you know those high risk roads and you have to really do a lot of thought changing. You got to take those negative thoughts and really kind of learn how to turn them in your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's the emotional piece to emotion regulation is a big one, you know, really kind of learning about those feelings, you know, do my thoughts push my emotions are doing my emotions push my thoughts because sometimes you never know who's, who's beginning it and who's ending it you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometimes it can just be all over the place. And so, you know, my hope. What we can work on are you know self forgiveness guilt and shame self esteem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really try to identify any kind of underlying issues that kept you in what were you running from what is it that you were trying to numb from and really kind of explore those questions and hopefully be able to find answers and with all of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that feels like a lot. Does it to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really, it's really not. But it really is because we're going to really just kind of take pieces and really explore them. I will give you different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tools and techniques to be able to work to changing these things okay and but you gotta promise me that you will absolutely you know do what I asked you to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be open to and if you're uncomfortable with it with doing it, just tell me I'm not, I'm not comfortable with doing that right now. And so we'll put it aside and we'll work on something else. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll just kind of take it one step at a time. And, you know, just to let you know, Matt, you're in a great place, you know, self discovery, you know, is, is an awesome place because we learn about ourselves, we learn to like ourselves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Despite of, you know, what our disease wants us to think about ourselves, you know that what I know is addiction, has one goal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's to take you out. Me and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No matter how it gets you there. That's what it wants. And what we were like the frontline warriors right right now in early recovery really trying to battle those thoughts and do the next right thing and get rid of all the baggage. You know that comes with this disease.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I think you're in the right place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I think that we can definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: explore and learn, learn new coping skills for situations and really kind of opened the doorway for you to have some freedom over low self esteem and guilt and shame.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you think
Matt Huss III: Sounds good. Um, yeah, I just, I just, and then I remembered
Matt Huss III: Two other big ones.
Matt Huss III: That you know
Matt Huss III: People, people that I've always talked to other people that have anxiety.
Matt Huss III: They say they can
Matt Huss III: They know what their anxiety is over, but I feel like I've constant anxiety, but I can never like pinpoint a thought or a fear or worry
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Matt Huss III: I don't know if that's common or uncommon or what I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, some people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some people can identify can identify it can feel it when it comes on can can use emotion regulation tools to help bring it to a manageable level.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And sometimes there may not be a specific reason. It could just be your body adjusting because an early recovery and it can take up to a you know, a year or more to get through post acute withdrawals.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is the second half of withdrawal. So you've got the withdrawal piece where you're sick and you know not feeling good. And that's usually what a lot of people run from right
Matt Huss III: You know, I've been through those a million times where I relapse is the
Matt Huss III: Six to eight month period where I'm hit with like a sack of bricks of anxiety and depression.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That sounds to me like post acute withdrawal symptoms and you think about, you're doing good. You're trudging along you're trudging along. Everything's good. And then all of a sudden you know your anxieties high emotions low
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And part of that is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A piece of that market to say it's all from that I'm going to say that a piece of that is your body's trying to find what normal looks like.
Matt Huss III: You know, it has a yeah that's that's that's a
Matt Huss III: That's one too. I have no idea what it's like to be normal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, remember that that up in the first year of recovery it. There's a lot of healing that's going on, physically, there's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's that really kind of causes emotional ups and downs causes you know mental ups and downs can cause our depression to be worse can cause our anxiety to be worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But really taking a look at how can when it, when it it and if it happens again. How can that be managed. You know, so that, you know, all right. I know what this is. And I know what I need to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we can definitely work on those tools as well.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, because I've been
Matt Huss III: I've been depressed, like I get spells of depression, where, like, I can't get out of bed for like three or four days, but this one for the first time I'm still able to function, but I'm just not able to enjoy anything or be excited about anything or
Matt Huss III: Which I never really am anyway. But it's still a like it's
Matt Huss III: I still have to fight with myself to get out of bed to go to school to do anything. I, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're, are you on an antidepressant.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, a ton of it like the highest dose possible and and Wellbutrin on top of it to like help it work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, but
Matt Huss III: I still get these about
Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we will work on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work on that piece to, you know, a lot of it is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a piece of it. That is about how we think, you know, our thoughts and ever, ever heard the saying our thoughts become things
Matt Huss III: No, nothing. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so what we think and where our mind is what we're thinking about if we're in a negative headspace and we're staying there and we are negative on life on recovery on ourself on where we're at in our life. It plays a factor on our emotional will be
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I'm always negative about that. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Haha. Okay, so there's a there's a piece of it that we can certainly work on. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And because I'm really good at at combating those negative thoughts and it takes it takes practice. So you got to work with me and practice the things that I asked you to do. Because I can tell you from experience that getting on the other side of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is a huge relief, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's, it's just saying, wait a minute. You know what I'm gonna, I'm not going to follow fall down that rabbit hole because I know where it leads me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I'm going to find the good things in today and whether it be the weather, whether it be you know your hair looks good today whether or not you know you're feeling good, whether or not you're putting healthy food in your body.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And identifying that whatever it might be. Those are the things that combat those negative thought processes, but you've got to be willing to really practice them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's, it's the way that we talk to ourselves as well. That's another piece of it. And again, you know, having the having that voice, the disease of addiction. I call it the voice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It really is a self defeating self loathing disease, and it really once again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It really wants to take you out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so being able to put barriers in place every time that those thoughts come up or every time that those feelings come up really kind of hold them at bay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see that you're doing everything you can to make your life better. And by doing that, you start feeling better, emotionally, you start feeling better, you know, with your thoughts are you see your thoughts are changing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if they don't, you can easily rectify them and get them on a different path. And that's how we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We get we become developed and in self awareness and and maintaining in recovery, you know, as well as being able to manage and control.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Our anxiety and depression are in our depression with with medication. So, so we have some things to work on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm definitely. Glad to work on them with you and I can tell you that I that I know what this processes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: firsthand experience. And so, you know, I'm definitely not going to give you information just out of a textbook and things that I've learned. I can tell you what I've learned. You know, with my personal journey and experiences and other people that I've worked with and their journeys to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which will really, you know, between that we should be able to to help you through this. Okay, next. Okay, so tell me what is a good time for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: During the week to be able to meet with me on a weekly basis.
Matt Huss III: Or I have, I have my group meetings every Wednesday at seven.
Matt Huss III: So I was hoping
Matt Huss III: To do this kind of thing every Wednesday, but a little later than four. Because it, it was
Matt Huss III: We had to kind of rush from school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To. Yeah. Well, here's the deal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What insurance. Are you on
Matt Huss III: Medicaid
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay so Medicaid says that you can't have two services in one day. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if you do group on Wednesday, then we have to do our individuals on another day.
Matt Huss III: Of the week. Third, yeah. Any, any Thursdays would be fine on
Matt Huss III: Mondays. I can't do it because I'm not class until like seven o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I can't do it on Mondays, either.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're good. I'm in group ALL WE ALL DAY ON MONDAY AND
Matt Huss III: I just honestly, um, I just, I'm just, I just would like to make it as close to Wednesday's as possible because I don't know why, but
Matt Huss III: Because I have to walk to the pharmacy, which is two miles away to get my medication. And I don't know why.
Matt Huss III: He this program like only gives like you have to fill a prescription every two weeks. Every twice a week or something like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's so that you had that, what it is is really getting you in the habit of being present and actually getting you know therapy on top of group support and education.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because a lot of times people think that, you know, if they if they're on a medication that's that's that's all it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a lot more to it.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been, like I said, I've been at this for
Matt Huss III: A while. Now it just, it would it would just be nice to be able to have it have to do it once a week instead of twice. That's all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, if we are meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're in group every Wednesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Matt Huss III: Maybe we can do it every Thursday night or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we can do it. Let's see. At seven on Thursday nights.
Matt Huss III: That's perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah okay, wait.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Seven my time six year time
Matt Huss III: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does that work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: gotta remember that time change because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That will totally mess us up. And so I will schedule you 7pm.
Weekly.
Matt Huss III: So that's 6pm my time on Thursdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, and
Matt Huss III: What's the next the date of the next one.
Matt Huss III: And February something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let me see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next Thursday is February 6
Okay.
Matt Huss III: That's perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm a pen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I got you in my schedule. So we will meet again. Now there's another thing that I, we need to find out because your group is on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is today, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. And who's your doctor.
Matt Huss III: Oh god.
Matt Huss III: remember his name. I'm sorry.
Matt Huss III: I'm sorry.
Matt Huss III: If I heard it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need to tell you
Matt Huss III: You need to tell what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You might not be able to go to group tonight.
Matt Huss III: That's not good.
Matt Huss III: Yes.
Matt Huss III: Hello.
Matt Huss III: You're frozen on my side too.
Matt Huss III: Low
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You cut out I didn't hear you.
Matt Huss III: Oh yeah yeah you you're frozen on the video.
Matt Huss III: Too. Oh.
Matt Huss III: Oops.
Matt Huss III: No, that's not right. Well, it just shows me
Matt Huss III: Hello.